# P0: Generative Typography a p5js poster

The aim of the project is to produce a work of experimental typography which focuses on aesthetical qualities and explore the possibilities of generative, computational, algorithmic approaches.
Students are asked to intervene to the anatomy of type by creating or modifying them with code.
The resulting composition should present itself as a coherent, complete, resolved work.

## FOM (as in Frequent Observed Mistakes):
### Presentation
The presentation should contain at least the following 10 slides:
1. Opening page
2. Table of Content
3. Personal Brief
4. Visual Research
5. Idea Generation
6. Moodboard
7. Sketches and Trials
8. Final Proposal
9. Algorithm Close-up
10. Short Biography and thank you

### General rules
Each slide should contain the name of the project, the student name and the page number.
Each slide should prioritize content over form and simultaneously be a composition in itself.

### 1 Opening page
The slide should be hierarchically organize the following elements: personal title, student name, title of the project, course, instructors, department, university, date.
The title of the project is: P0: Generative Typography a p5js poster.

### 2 Table of Content
This slide should summarize the content of the presentation and guide the audience.

### 3 Personal Brief
This slide should contain the reasons behind the project, its aim, its challenges (what makes it complex and intersting not "I wish I could have more time" type of comments.
It should not be personal 

### 4 Visual Research
This slide should contain visual references that you look into meaning they should indicate designer, year, and further necessary information.
Keywords how these works influenced your projects could be add. Sources can be included here.

### 5 Idea Generation
This slide should contain your idea generation process, you can describe your process and the result of it.

### 6 Moodboard
This slide should present a composition that create the feeling you try to convey with your project. Similar works (like posters) or completed composition should not be included.

### 7 Sketches and Trials
This slide should include all the sketches you did by hand, by softwares and by code and demonstrate the development of your work. Each project should be dated. Keywords that summarize the intent should be included.

### 8 Final Proposal
This slide should demonstrate the final result and explain its animation and interaction features.
Here you can jump out of presentation to show the code after having explained the result. Then come back to presentation.

### 9 Algorithm Close-up
This slide should explain what you achieved with code. What is the core part that you made with alghoritm? A [flowchart](https://www.edrawsoft.com/algorithm-flowchart-examples.html) would be much appreciated.

### 10 Short Bio and Thank you
This slide should include a short biography of yours and your photo. A thank you is welcomed to signaled the end of the presentation.

### References
If you include refernces adopt [APA style](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_formatting_and_style_guide/general_format.html) for them.
